If you are a beta test for bggiphone thanks for your time!

If you are interested in being a beta tester, watch this forum for calls for testers:
http://boardgamegeek.com/article/4436728

==How To Install The Beta==

1) Download the beta zip file from here http://bggiphone.googlecode.com/files/Adhoc2-iphoneos.zip

2) Unzip the zip file.

3) The zip file will include a .mobileprovision file, and a .app file.

4) Open iTunes on your computer.

5) Drag the mobile provision file into iTunes.

6) Drag the .app file into iTunes.

7) Connect your device.

8) Sync your device.

==How To Report Issues==

1) Try to figure out how to reproduce your issue. This will help us fix the issue.

2) Submit your issue using [http://code.google.com/p/bggiphone/issues/entry?template=Beta%20Tester%20Issue%20Report this form]. Include the steps to reproduce your issue. When you submit your issue, use the "Beta Test Issue Report" template.

3) After you submit your issue, make sure you Sync your iphone with iTunes, this will submit any crash reports to Apple, and then we will get them.

==Testing  Tasks==

The following are some activities that you could do to help get a complete test.

===Normal Work===

Do things that you would normally do. Try to do all of the tasks that you would normally do. Just use the app as you would normally.

===Test To Break===

Try to do weird things, like have someone call you while you are using the app, or try different actions while your phone is in air plane mode.

===Test It All===

Try to do all of the actions that are possible, on each screen, and try them in random ordering.